In this assignment, you will train several language models and will evaluate them on
a test corpus. You can discuss in groups, but the homework is to be completed and
submitted individually. Two les are provided with this assignment:
1. train.txt
2. test.txt
Each le is a collection of texts, one sentence per line. train.txt contains 10,000 sentences
from the NewsCrawl corpus. You will use this corpus to train the language models. The
test corpus test.txt is from the same domain and will be used to evaluate the language
models that you trained.

1.1 Pre-processing
Prior to training, please complete the following pre-processing steps:
1. Pad each sentence in the training and test corpora with start and end symbols
(you can use <s> and </s>, respectively).
2. Lowercase all words in the training and test corpora. Note that the data already
has been tokenized (i.e. the punctuation has been split o words).
3. Replace all words occurring in the training data once with the token <unk>.
Every word in the test data not seen in training should be treated as <unk>.
1.2 Training the models
Please use train.txt to train the following language models:
1. A unigram maximum likelihood model.
2. A bigram maximum likelihood model.
3. A bigram model with Add-One smoothing.


1.3 Questions
Please answer the questions below:
1. (5 points) How many word types (unique words) are there in the training corpus? Please
include the padding symbols and the unknown token.
2. (5 points) How many word tokens are there in the training corpus?
3. (10 points) What percentage of word tokens and word types in the test corpus did not occur
in training (before you mapped the unknown words to < unk > in training and
test data)? Please include the padding symbols in your calculations.
4. (15 points) Now replace singletons in the training data with < unk > symbol and map words
(in the test corpus) not observed in training to < unk >. What percentage of
bigrams (bigram types and bigram tokens) in the test corpus did not occur in
training (treat < unk > as a regular token that has been observed).
5. (15 points) Compute the log probability of the following sentence under the three models
(ignore capitalization and pad each sentence as described above). Please list all
of the parameters required to compute the probabilities and show the complete
calculation. Which of the parameters have zero values under each model? Use log
base 2 in your calculations. Map words not observed in the training corpus to the
< unk > token.
• I look forward to hearing your reply .

6. (20 points) Compute the perplexity of the sentence above under each of the models.
7. (20 points) Compute the perplexity of the entire test corpus under each of the models. Discuss
the dierences in the results you obtained.



Instruction for run the Python code to get answer 

1. Please download the three python file myPrepocessing.py , myModelTrain.py , and myAnswer into your IDE, and then add the train.txt  and add test.txt file in the same directory with these three Python file. 
2. Edit the Configuration with following steps:
   1) Script path: Navigate the Script path where this project is located in your computer;
   2) Parameters:  --input train.txt
   3) Python interpreter: please choose the newest Python version is available on your computer
   4) Wording director: Navigate the director where the output will be there
3. Click 'Run' on IDE, the program may spend a few seconds to run. After it finish, it will create a solution.txt with answer automatically. 
